Raw materials take advantage of the spring breeze of reform and opening up
Raw materials will definitely experience a surge
Especially reservations
I remember even in the next few months
It's going to go crazy.
Director, are you interested? Let's go
Play with me again and defeat the enemy again
Mr. Xie, you have the purpose of making money again
Universe, go back and ask first
Have a look.
How much liquidity can be withdrawn now?
Then let's go buy a hotel together
Hotel, can this thing make money?
If it can be done, at least double it a month
Then I'll go back and tell me now
Really say so
Mr. Ye, what do you mean?
Up to three months
The price of Lu Ding will double
The raw materials are very likely to be poor.
There should be no problem with Mr. Ye's prediction this time.
Since people put the way to make money
All in front of us
If we're too timid, we don't have the guts.
Xiao Wang, you will tell Mr. Ye tomorrow
We can do as much as he wants.